# Team Reflection and Agile Analysis
Sprint 2 started on 9/5, but we did not get a good start on planning until 9/15. When we met on 9/15, we set up a repo on GitHub. On 9/17, we decided to use Azure Boards as our issue tracker/Agile tool. This is when we actually created the stories and tasks. In hindsight, our team would have started the planning and setting-up phase earlier in the project timeline for Sprint 2 (closer to 9/5). That way, we would be able to focus longer on the actual implementation of Sprint 2, as well as the technical documentation.

In addition, we underestimated how long the stories would take. Initially, we planned to have the code written and merged to master branch by Sunday, 9/27. That would have gave us all week, 9/28-10/4, to review and clean up code, as well as debug. However, as stated previously, stories took longer than initially planned, so we were unable to merge them to master until 10/3. Again, this issue could have been fixed (or at least lessened) if our group started earlier in the planning and setting-up phase of the project. Once merged, the team worked together to resolve all logical errors; including animation problems and sprite sizes.

As seen in the [burndown chart](BurndownChart.PNG), we officially finished all tasks and stories on 10/5. Ignoring the large spike present in the 9/19-9/21 timespan of the chart (which can be explained by us just adding all the tasks for Sprint 2 to the board all at once), our work expectations for the number of tasks were fairly accurate. As for the task completions, our group worked at a continuing pace throughout the timespan of 9/22-10/5. The only exception to this was the timespan of 10/1-10/3, where there were certian technical issues regarding the master branch. Looking at the ideal burnout rate and adjusting it to when our team acutally started the project, it was a closer to the trend line, which was comforting for our team to see when looking back at Sprint 2 as a whole.
