# Team Reflection and Agile Analysis
Sprint 4 started on START DATE and went through 11/16. While planning and implementation took place realitively close to the start date, it wasn't until 11/1 that the group started to really heave away at the Sprint's goals. While the group added some tasks (not already planned) somewhat early into the project (as seen on the burnout chart LINK THE TEXT), we made headway on the Sprint at a good pace - better than any of the previous Sprints. Our main tasks were done a week ahead of the due date, the group had an entire week to work on debugging, and we even had time to think about future plans in regards to Sprint 5.

This is not to say that this Sprint went without its problems. First off, some of the group had issues with checking off tasks on the stories board LINK HERE. This obviously caused issues in the documentation, but this was only minimal. Another issue (again) that popped up for the group was the lack of fully understanding the work distribution of some tasks at the start of the Sprint. However, I believe this is something that comes with more experience; it naturally occurs with each project in some scope. Overall, I'd say the group's planning mistakes were held to a solid minimum this time around.

For the final Sprint, the team hopes to end the project off on a high note in terms of fixing our past group mistakes. Mainly, we hope to achieve this rectification by higher maintenance on the stories board, which will yield a better (and more accurate) result on the burnout chart.
